= Sprint Backlog, Iteration #5 =
Context project: Computer games<br />
Group: MIGI2

<table>
<tr>
<td>'''User Story'''</td>
<td>'''Task'''</td>
<td>'''Member responsible for task'''</td>
<td>'''Task Assigned To'''</td>
<td>'''Estimated Effort per Task''' (in hours)</td>
<td>'''Priority (A-E)<br />'''(A is highest)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=1>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/121 '''#121 - VR support''']<br />
As the VR player, I want to have support for the Rift in the game, so that I can use it to play the game.</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/123 #123 - Implement VR]<br />
Implement VR support in the game. (Task from last sprint)</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=3>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/151 '''#151 - Update Maze Generation''']<br />
As a developer, I want an improved version of the level generation, so that I am able to set start locations and have predictable positions of doors in rooms.</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/152 #152 - Improved Corridors]<br />
Improve corridor generation to ensure door locations. (Task from last sprint).</td>
<td>Bram</td>
<td>Robin</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/153 #153 - Start Location]<br />
Add a start location to the maze. (Task from last sprint).</td>
<td>Bram</td>
<td>Robin</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/202 #202 - Create ten rooms]<br />
In order to properly play our game, we need rooms to load.</td>
<td>Bram</td>
<td>Robin</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>B</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=1>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/139 '''#139 - Second Screen''']<br />
As a player I want to have a big (secondary) screen to look at with the menu and map, so that I can see more of the game than with only a mobile screen.</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/133 #133 - Show QR Codes]<br />
Show the QR codes on the screen. (Task from last sprint).</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=3>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/203 '''#203 - Web Interface''']<br />
As a player, I want to be able to easily perform all actions I'm allowed to, so that I have different options that assist in winning the game.</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/204 #204 - Actions per team]<br />
As a player, I would like to have multiple types of interactions with the game, so I can choose my own way to play. 

Players should be able to interact with the game in a number of ways, such as placing bombs and mines.</td>
<td>Bram</td>
<td>Bram</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/205 #205 - Placement restrictions]<br />
As a player, I would like the opposite team to be limited to where they can place items, so the game stays fair and fun. 

Players should be limited in where they can place objects and how many they can place, as the game could become impossible to win if this isn't checked.</td>
<td>Bram</td>
<td>Bram</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/206 #206 - Fullscreen]<br />
As developers, we would like the web interface to run in fullscreen, so it is nicer to look at and easier to work with.

This task involves the implementation of the correct HTML 5 code, to show the web interface in fullscreen.</td>
<td>Bram</td>
<td>Bram</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>D</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/207 '''#207 - Refactoring''']<br />
As a developer, I would like the code to be clean, so it is easier to maintain, use and read.</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/208 #208 - Refactoring Comments and Javadocs]<br />
The code must be refactored into an uniform style which we as a team have agreed on. This improves readability, maintainability, clarity and consistency.</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>Bram</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/209 #209 - Refactoring Packages]<br />
The packages needs to be clear and correct to improve the structure of the code.</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>Bram</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/210 '''#210 - Controller Improvements''']<br />
As a player, I want improvements of the controller support, so that I have better control of my movement.</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/211 #211 - Improve Walking]<br />
Implement 360 degree movement control, instead of the 4 directional movement we currently have.</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/212 #212 - Improve Key Mappings]<br />
Improve the key mappings, to make controls more intuitive.</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/213 '''#213 - Landmines''']<br />
As a dwarf, I want to be able to place landmines in the game, so that I can disrupt the player's progress.</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/214 #214 - Landmine Entity]<br />
Implement the landmine entity into the game. This task includes updating the web interface to support the landmine entity.</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>B</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/215 #215 - Explosions]<br />
Landmines should be able to trigger explosions. These explosions affect the player if they are within a certain range.</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>C</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/216 '''#216 - Wall Frames''']<br />
As a map maker, I want more control over the WallFrame entity, so that I can create better maps.</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/217 #217 - Remove size restrictions]<br />
Currently, walls have a set size of 1x3. These restrictions should be removed to allow for more flexible room designs.</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>B</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/218 #218 - Fix MenuLevel with changes]<br />
After changing the size restrictions, the MenuLevel needs to be updated.</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>C</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/219 '''#219 - Pitfalls''']<br />
As a dwarf, I want there to be pitfalls in the game, so that I have more ways to hinder the player.</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/220 #220 - Pitfall Entity]<br />
Implement the PitfallCover entity. This entity is drawn like a normal tile for the player, but has a different interaction. This task includes updating the web interface to support the pitfall entity.</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>B</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/221 #221 - Player Interaction]<br />
When walking over a pitfall, the player should fall through it.</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>C</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=3>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/222 '''#222 - Health''']<br />
As a player, I want to have health, so that I am able to take some damage without instantly dying.</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/223 #223 - Implement Health Mechanic]<br />
Implement health mechanics into the game.</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>B</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/224 #224 - Show Health in HUD]<br />
As a player, I want to be able to see how much health I currently have, so that I can change my strategy accordingly.</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>D</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/225 #225 - Create graphics for health in HUD]<br />
The health displayed in the HUD should have proper graphics.</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>D</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=3>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/226 '''#226 - HUD''']<br />
As a player, I want to be able to see how much health, keys and bombs I currently have, so that I can manage my resources properly.</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/227 #227 - Implement HUD]<br />
Implement the HUD in the game, so that it is properly displayed on the screen.</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>B</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/228 #228 - Link HUD with Inventory]<br />
Link the HUD with the player's inventory, so that it properly tracks the player's resources.</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>C</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/229 #229 - Graphics for HUD]<br />
Create graphics for Keys and Bombs, and display that in the HUD.</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>D</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/230 '''#230 - Cave looks and feel''']<br />
As a player, I want the maze to look like a cave, so that I feel as if I'm walking through an actual cave.</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/231 #231 - Create Cave Textures]<br />
Create cave like textures for walls and the floor.</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>B</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/232 #232 - Create Models]<br />
Create models for the walls and floor, to allow for differently shapes in</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>B</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=1>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/0 '''#0 - Maze Exploration''']<br />
As an elf, I want to see explored parts of the maze, so that I can properly help the player to get through the maze.</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/233 #233 - Track Exploration]<br />
Keep track of exploration</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>A</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/234 '''#234 - Animations''']<br />
As a player, I want the game to have animations, so that I'm more immersed in the game.</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/235 #235 - Implement Animations]<br />
Implement animations in the game.</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>C</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/236 #236 - Explosion Animation]<br />
Create an explosion animation, which will be displayed when a bomb or landmine explodes.</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>6</td>
<td>D</td>
</tr>
</table>

== Explanation for priorities of sprint items ==

<table>
<tr>
<td>'''Task(s)'''</td>
<td>'''Explanation'''</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>123</td>
<td>The Oculus Rift is part of the core of our game so it should have the highest priority.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>152, 153, 202</td>
<td>In order to properly playtest the game, these changes should be implemented.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>133</td>
<td>Without QR codes, connecting to the game becomes very difficult.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>204</td>
<td>Without different actions per team, we cannot properly play the game, so this task must have a high priority.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>205</td>
<td>Without placement restrictions, we cannot properly play the game, so this task must have a high priority.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>206</td>
<td>Not essential for proper gameplay.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>208, 209</td>
<td>This task makes other tasks easier to do, and thus has a high priority.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>211, 212</td>
<td>Good controls are essential for a game.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>214, 220, 223</td>
<td>Basic feature of our game.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>215</td>
<td>Requires [https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/214 #214] to be implemented.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>217</td>
<td>Not essential for the gameplay, but pretty useful to have before we start creating maps.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>218</td>
<td>Only applicable when [https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/217 #217] has been implemented.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>221</td>
<td>Depends on the implementation of the Pitfall Entity, [https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/220 #220].</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>224, 225</td>
<td>Requires the HUD [https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/227 #227] and health [https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/223 #223].</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>227</td>
<td>The HUD is pretty useful for proper gameplay.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>228</td>
<td>Requires the HUD to be implemented.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>229</td>
<td>Not essential for the HUD to work properly.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>231, 232</td>
<td>Proper graphics improve the immersion of the game, which we deem pretty important.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>233</td>
<td>Core gameplay mechanic.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>235</td>
<td>Animations are not required for proper gameplay.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>236</td>
<td>Requires Animations and Explosions to be implemented.</td>
</tr>
</table>
