= Sprint Retrospective, Iteration #7 =
Context Project: Computer Games<br />
Group: MIGI 2

= Backlog sprint items =

In here sprint items that were described in the backlog of this sprint are discussed.

Any task with multiple assignees has the hours split as follows:<br />
<pre>
Assignees: Robin, Wytze
Effort: 2 / 1
</pre>
This means 2 hours for Robin and 1 hour for Wytze.

<table>
<tr>
<td>'''User Story'''</td>
<td>'''Task'''</td>
<td>'''Task assigned to'''</td>
<td>'''Priority''' (A highest)</td>
<td>'''Estimated Effort Per Task Per Person''' (in hours)</td>
<td>'''Actual Effort Per Task Per Person''' (in hours)</td>
<td>'''Done'''</td>
<td>'''Notes'''</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=3>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/352 '''#352 Websockets''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/353 #353 Finalize implementation - Server]</td>
<td>Bram, Taico</td>
<td>B</td>
<td>3 / 3</td>
<td>1 / 4</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/409 #409]</td>
<td>The almost complete rewrite of the web interface (see [https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues//408 #408]) reduced the amount of work required for websockets.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/354 #354 Finalize implementation - Client]</td>
<td>Bram, Taico</td>
<td>B</td>
<td>3 / 3</td>
<td>1 / 4</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/409 #409]</td>
<td>See #353</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/355 #355 Test websockets]</td>
<td>Bram, Taico</td>
<td>C</td>
<td>2 / 2</td>
<td>0 / 4</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/409 #409]</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=5>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/356 '''#356 Make webinterface user friendly''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/357 #357 Instructions]</td>
<td>Bram, Taico</td>
<td>A</td>
<td>3 / 3</td>
<td>3.5 / 0.5</td>
<td>yes*</td>
<td>We allow for instructions on the webpage. The exact text which needs to be included in this tutorial has not been added yet, as the way we wanted to make this changed drastically as a result of the player feedback.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/358 #358 Scalable]</td>
<td>Bram, Taico</td>
<td>B</td>
<td>2.5 / 2.5</td>
<td>8 / 1</td>
<td>no</td>
<td>The way we wanted to implement this turned out to be way more difficult, and we were not satisfied with it. During the Stakeholders meeting, Rafa gave us an idea on how to solve the problem of zooming in a different, much easier way, which we will implement next week.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/359 #359 Alerts]</td>
<td>Bram, Taico</td>
<td>B</td>
<td>1 / 1</td>
<td>1 / 1</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/409 #409]</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/360 #360 Game counter]</td>
<td>Bram, Taico</td>
<td>C</td>
<td>1 / 1</td>
<td>1 / 0</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/416 #416]</td>
<td>This was a lot easier to implement than expected, as the new webinterface is put together rather well.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/361 #361 Bomb counter]</td>
<td>Bram, Taico</td>
<td>C</td>
<td>0.5 / 0.5</td>
<td>2 / 0</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/416 #416]</td>
<td>This was slightly more difficult than expected. The entity format for sending is compact for efficiency, but this made it harder to add the extra information necessary for bomb timers.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=1>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/362 '''#362 Cave generation''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/362 #362 Corridor Beautification]</td>
<td>Robin</td>
<td>B</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>3.5</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/407 #407]</td>
<td>In order to have this ready for play testing, an easier approach was taken, so this took less time. The corridor beautification can be extended if necessary.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/363 '''#363 Nausea reduction''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/364 #364 Remove direction bug in controller]</td>
<td>Robin</td>
<td>B</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>4 / 1</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/406 #406]</td>
<td>Taico helped with some mocking for the tests for 1 hour.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/365 #365 Literature about Oculus Nausea reduction methods]</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>A</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>yes</td>
<td>Wytze added a nose and helmet to the screen based on the literature found, see [https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/420 #420].</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=4>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/366 '''#366 Playtesting''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/367 #367 Update questionnaire]</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>A</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>yes</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/368 #368 Prepare]</td>
<td>Everyone</td>
<td>A</td>
<td>1.5 (each)</td>
<td>1 Chiel / 1.5 Others</td>
<td>yes</td>
<td>Chiel had a flat tire and came in 30 minutes later.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/369 #369 Playtest]</td>
<td>Everyone</td>
<td>A</td>
<td>1.5 (each)</td>
<td>2 (each)</td>
<td>yes</td>
<td>Due to issues with the Oculus (Windows 10 = automatic windows update...), the session took 30 minutes longer.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/370 #370 Process feedback]</td>
<td>Everyone</td>
<td>A</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1.5 Bram / 1 Others</td>
<td>yes</td>
<td>Digitalizing the feedback was done by Bram, which took 30 minutes.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=4>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/371 '''#371 Report''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/372 #372 Basic structure]</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>C</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>yes</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/373 #373 Integrate test results]</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>D</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>yes</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/374 #374 Gameplay testing literature]</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>D</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>no</td>
<td>I had no time left for this task.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/375 #375 Type notes]</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>E</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>yes</td>
<td>(This took a few minutes, so we rounded that down to 0).</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/376 '''#376 Respawning''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/377 #377 Player spawning from File]</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>B</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/417 #417]</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/378 #378 Respawn on void platform]</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>A</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/418 #418]</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/379 '''#379 Tutorial''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/380 #380 Create tutorial]</td>
<td>Bram</td>
<td>A</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/411 #411]</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/381 #381 Write tutorial storyboard]</td>
<td>Everyone</td>
<td>A</td>
<td>2 (each)</td>
<td>1.5 (each)</td>
<td>yes</td>
<td>We agreed on a concept a bit quickly than anticipated.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=1>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/0 '''#0 Fix initial entity positions''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/382 #382 Fix initial entity positions]</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>C</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/400 #400]</td>
<td>Was significantly less work than expected.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=1>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/383 '''#383 Trailer concept''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/383 #383 Trailer concept]</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>B</td>
<td>5</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>no</td>
<td>I did the preparations and some research, but not the writing of the actual trailer story.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/384 '''#384 Boxes''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/385 #385 Box entity]</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>A</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>3.5</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/401 #401]</td>
<td>Changes to the inventory had to be made.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/386 #386 Box spawn limitations]</td>
<td>Chiel</td>
<td>B</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/401 #401]</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/387 '''#387 Gates''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/388 #388 Implement gates in game]</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>A</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>4</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/398 #398]</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/389 #389 Add gates to web interface]</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>B</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/398 #398]</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/390 '''#390 Balancing''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/391 #391 Adjust constants/settings based on player feedback.]</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>A</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/412 #412]</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/392 #392 Add radius to actions.]</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>A</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/403 #403]</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/289 '''#289 Dynamically place lights (Task from last week)''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/393 #393 Add dynamic lighting entity creation to corridors]</td>
<td>Robin</td>
<td>C</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>no</td>
<td>No time left, should be added to the advanced corridor beautification task of the next week.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/394 #394 Add dynamic lighting entity creation to rooms]</td>
<td>Robin</td>
<td>D</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>5 / 0.5</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/424 #424]</td>
<td>Chiel helped for half an hour with light position fixing. Placement was difficult to get correct and the torches seem to greatly impact the performance of the game, so some debugging had to be done as well.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=1>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/395 '''#395 Cave Generation testing and refactoring''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/395 #395 Test and refactor cave generation]</td>
<td>Robin</td>
<td>A</td>
<td>8</td>
<td>17.5</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/404 #404]</td>
<td>Turns out that if you have about 3000 lines of complicated code, it takes quite a while to refactor it to our code quality standard (which is quite high).</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=1>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/396 '''#396 Bomb Diffusion''']</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/396 #396 Bomb Diffusion]</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>B</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>no</td>
<td>We decided that we did not want to add this feature, as we want to decrease the bomb timer, which would give a window of about 3 seconds to find and defuse a bomb, which is simply too little time to work with.</td>
</tr>
</table>

Notes about tasks 352 - 361: Bram and Taico discussed the concept together, Bram focussed on visuals, layout and client interaction, while Taico focussed on the backend implementation.

= Old and unplanned sprint items =

Here old items from previous sprints that were not included in the backlog or unplanned sprint items that appeared during the sprint are discussed.

<table>
<tr>
<td>'''Item or category'''</td>
<td>'''Task'''</td>
<td>'''Task assigned to'''</td>
<td>'''Priority''' (A highest)</td>
<td>'''Effort per Task''' (in hours)</td>
<td>'''Done'''</td>
<td>'''Notes'''<br />(Discuss why item was added to this sprint and status of item if not completed)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=6>'''Unplanned Tasks'''</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/408 #408 Complete rewrite of the web interface]</td>
<td>Taico, Bram</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>1 / 6</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/409 #409]</td>
<td>We decided that the implementation of websockets would be the best time to rewrite the entire web interface (backend), as we found the old implementation to be lacking.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/410 #410 Update EAD with web interface changes]</td>
<td>Taico, Bram</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>0.5 / 0.5</td>
<td>No</td>
<td>The EAD has to be updated with the new web interface, but we did not have time to complete this this week. We will properly update the EAD next week. Please refer to [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1A9sPHWRz-ALzwOeL8H1Q9sdXNy40LHRkbgpCpuev-w0/ this drive document] for a WIP version.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td> Take ETH test for Interaction design</td>
<td>Chiel, Bram</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>0.25 / 0.25</td>
<td>yes</td>
<td>We were unaware this test existed, which is why we didn't account for the time needed to fill it out. Wytze, Robin and Taico will fill it out in the weekend.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/421 #421 New door model]</td>
<td>Wytze</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>yes</td>
<td>We wanted a new door model.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/423 #423 Inventory in web interface]</td>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/423 #423]</td>
<td>Playtesting showed that we need a global team limit on how often certain actions can be performed within a game. As this is a feature, we had to implement this before the feature freeze.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/427 #427 Refactor variable names]</td>
<td>Robin</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>[https://github.com/Taeir/ContextProject-MIGI2/issues/427 #427]</td>
<td>Some people don't like short variable names, so Robin made them all longer and clearer!</td>
</tr>
</table>

= Additional time spent =

Every week, we also spend additional time that is not task related. Think about lectures, meetings, presentations, etcetera.

<table>
<tr>
<td>'''Item'''</td>
<td>'''People Involved'''</td>
<td>'''Effort''' (in hours per person)</td>
<td>'''Description'''</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Meetings</td>
<td>Everyone</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>Sprint meetings, backlog and retrospect meetings and Stakeholders meeting</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>Create Backlog</td>
<td>Everyone</td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td>The backlog for sprint 8.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Chiel + Bram + Taico</td>
<td>1 / 0.5 / 2 </td>
<td>Chiel, Bram and Taico spent additional time on this to create the backlog document itself.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan=2>Create Retrospect</td>
<td>Everyone</td>
<td>0.5</td>
<td>The retrospect for sprint 7.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Taico</td>
<td>1</td>
<td>Taico spent an additional hour on this to create the retrospect document itself.</td>
</tr>
</table>

= Pull requests =

Every week, each group member also reviews pull requests of other members. Since we put a lot of time into this we also want to document time spent reviewing a separate table.

{|
! '''Group Member name'''
! '''Time Spent Reviewing and creating Pull Requests (in hours)'''
|-
| Robin
| 3
|-
| Bram
| 4
|-
| Taico
| 4
|-
| Wytze
| 3
|-
| Chiel
| 4.5
|}

= Adjustments for the next Sprint Plan =

We were pretty satisfied with things this week. While it was a very busy week (feature freeze), we received a lot of feedback during the playtest session, so we know what we should focus on to finish our game!